All right a boy that gets easily distracted is walking home from school he's counting the numbers on
the House.
And then he sees the number zero and forgets to continue counting.
Add that totals together.
So that's the objective here.
I don't have any hints.
They are.
We're essentially.
There's no there's no methods or anything like this that I use.
So you'll see here we're counting five first one to six plus two is eight plus three is 11.
We had a zero.
I'm easily distracted.
And then that's our return.
So that's our objective here.
Return the numbers until you hit a zero.
All right so this is a pretty straightforward one here.
What we need to do is we need create a variable to store our store total essentially and then we're
going to return total if if we ever get to zero.
That's pretty much it.
At the end of the day you know.
So let's start by instantiating total here will return in total and we'll do a four.
Let equal zero or less than the input array length
plus plus.
And we'll say something like if the input array value is exactly equal to zero return total and it actually
you know what we don't actually need this one here because I remember reading the question and saying
you guarantee that there's at least one zero.
So we can with that.
When you get a return excuse me to total plus equals you put it right.
Not a number.
Oh those are.
I would totally go there.
There you go.
That's pretty much it.
And if it wasn't guaranteed that we would have a number being zero we'd have to have a return here.
But they did guarantee us that in the problem itself.
So that's it.
We're essentially just keeping track of a number.
And we know when to return our amount when our great condition is and our you know our when we need
to exit the function at what point in time.
And that's when we had zero.